it would be pretty cool to have the
power to freeze I'd do it all I mean
he's just such a badass character i
would i would use all of his abilities
just for fun what would I do with
freezing powers I don't know see that
would have to be fun because you could
you know i don't know freeze people in
their place or maybe just like you know
how he can freeze people's boots in
their place I his feet in their place I
would totally like get people stuck and
do things to them you know like take
home I wouldn't make a nice whole
setting that respondent his real powers
is a sense of style and clothing I mean
he's really got some threads this site
will be your last if I had sub-zero's
freezing power I would probably make a
giant ice castle fort and just hang out
there like in the summer I like
relatively cool days so I would probably
just wear an ice Sheen at all times
especially like today is like 90 outside
on demand snow cones and I'm then I
could also use it to turn my margaritas
into blended margaritas also for
cocktails I would definitely be the
person at the party making ice cubes for
everybody shoot about
I'll run for office I'd go run for
president I think I get elected pretty
easily as promising done a free spending
in Washington it make for a fun commute
to do the sub-zero slide everywhere you
went so you could do like an automatic
slip and slide right or or you know hey
let's go skating I let's go in the
backyard Shh you know done we gotta you
know we got a skating